yeah guys is Joe here from leb gaming
today we're doing a brand new top 5
plugins and before I start these are my
own opinions it's not the official top 5
it's my own opinion of the plugins so
yeah all the links are down in the
description please hit this like button
it helps out quite a lot a lot of effort
goes into this so let's get on with
number 5 yeah guys it's joe leb gaming
and today we're gonna do brand new top 5
plugins push start please love it video
because a lot of effort goes into easy
because I go find and all that but
that's enough luck let's get this
started
so the first one is earn name tag edit
so to access this is slash the end and
you brings up diff so in the prefix you
can do so suffix as well if you wanted
to that's prefixes in front of a now and
suffixes up at the end of the name psi
then we do my name then I just let's say
you you can use color codes missus for
our lioness then bracket bracket closed
off then you can change color grand by
just been never color going in so it's
owner is red and this next bit will be
in blue then I'll do then the blue bit
will be my name so I was stick it se
comienzo but they don't brush tab there
you're sort of slum so you and all the
download links are in the description
please go and have a look and I will be
back for number 4 is coming next one
knows so the next one is vote me very
simple plug-in simple config so yeah all
you do is vote so instead of having sync
on the signs and you know all confusing
such road there we go so you have you
know vote link 1 2 3 4 5 6 and but I've
just up for YouTube channel 1 in but
yeah that's fine it's got a nice outside
you can extend these far as I know yes
it for that isn't number 4 so let's go
on to the free my guys next plugin
is easy anti-spam so let's see had a
mini-game serve them and you went to GG
yeah no good game but you don't have to
spam it again so GG yeah and it says
just do not spam and it would just keep
getting your server
we're not registering the config so
all the console sorry so it won't fill
up your folder that's have so nice easy
plug-in lightweight and just simple yes
it fool let's go number two
rightful look to it is custom unknown
command message I think this is great so
you have a horrible writing you can get
rid of all that simple config it goes in
between them two little gaps and it's
simple so let's say I went oh so okay
born having my essentials on here they
say you've been spawn and you had a
Jackson so I've just said I've
conflicted to say enemy gaming you can
use color codes all that do such help so
normally just use help so on my on quad
craft on the old server they said cross
craft here do do such help and that's
how you start to say that ugly writing
just stir customize your serve a little
bit more you know unique yes at that
number to know our last plugin number
one of this plug-in list and this is
jump battle as it says here so to access
clones it's just JB for jump that'll
help don't bring up help list so unsound
just gonna sit under should separate in
here you can make you know nice arena
and all that stuff so let's do you do JD
ojb sorry set lobby so if you want to go
into more things and more you know
creative things and all that you can
cool and use this command bomb using I
was setting one or you know side you
find this useful
sorry JB sucess Lobby that's set so let
me come back out I get a few more stuff
in my inventory so you know what's in
there it says your inventory so we're
gonna do going join so it's just can't
be joined and you're in session Tory
gives you armor isn't gonna kill if you
bow food it takes me out creative and
all that so if I want to go and kill the
Sheep you know kill it it's tough luck
and won't allow me pick items as well so
they're just Eastbourne so yeah that's
my nostril alias plug-in until you want
to do full reviews I mean literally full
reviews this one the common things a
little bit more complicated but it is
understandable yes for thank you for
watching please subscribe hit the like
button and we'll see you next time bye